Address Markup TODOs, light editing (#1538)
HTTPArchive/almanac.httparchive.org: src/content/en/2020/markup.md

<figcaption>{{ figure_link(caption="Frequency and average use of standard heading elements.", sheets_gid="277662548", sql_file="pages_wpt_bodies_by_device_and_percentile_and_heading_level.sql") }}</figcaption>
</figure>

> You expected to see only the heading elements you know from the specifications, but there’s more:

Reviewer: Suggest rewording slightly:

```suggestion
You might have expected to only see the standard `<h1>` to `<h6>` elements, but some sites actually use more levels:
```

<p class="note">Within the latest Safari and Firefox versions, setting <code>target="_blank"</code> on <code>a</code> elements implicitly provides the same <code>rel</code> behavior as setting <code>rel="noopener"</code>. This is already <a href="https://chromium-review.googlesource.com/c/chromium/src/+/1630010">implemented in Chromium</a> as well and will land in Chrome 88.</p>

## Conclusion

> At the end of this 2020 analysis, here are some things that stood out for us.

Reviewer: I think this is a little short, from a layout perspective, as we then launch straight into that big figure.

![Conclusion](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10931297/99402052-d2d6a600-28e0-11eb-8635-0e485ef13977.png)

I'd prefer a bit more of an introductory paragraph to the conclusion so that sentence doesn't look so lonesome.

I think we want to keep the big figure and our convention is to list big figures first and then talk about them. And even without that it would be a little short IMHO.

Here's what I suggested previously, which is a little longer and retains some of your original intent (even if not your exact wording!), but possibly that's still a little short. Or am I over thinking this?

```suggestion
We've touched on some observations throughout the chapter, but as a reflection on the state of markup in 2020, here are some things that really stood out for us:
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10931297/99402447-45e01c80-28e1-11eb-9d7e-abc6b7db2c3b.png)

What do you think?

Author: LGTM! (Would leave out “really” but that’s a nit, I’m not attached to this.)

Reviewer: Removed the `really`.
